Update operator docs (#849)
banzaicloud/istio-operator: docs/multi-cluster-mesh/active-passive/multi-cluster-active-passive.md

> # Single mesh multi cluster multiple networks with Istio operator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Single mesh multi cluster active-passive on different networks with Istio operator
```

Reviewer: pls update this and the other comments in this file if you agree

> 

Reviewer: I'd also link this: https://istio.io/latest/docs/setup/install/multicluster/primary-remote_multi-network/

Say that we are doing this automatcially and call out the naming difference, primary-remote vs active-passive.

Reviewer: pls call out the naming difference: primary-remote vs active-passive

> ## Objective:

Reviewer: I'd only do a two cluster setup with different networks and (sometime later) another doc with two clusters for the same network setup. That's more comprehensible for the users I think, WDYT?

Author: done

Setup three clusters (one active – two passive) in a single mesh multi network (two in the same network, one in a different network) setup with Istio operator.

## Setup: 

### Steps:

#### Active setup:
1. Install cluster registry controller:
```

> helm install --namespace=cluster-registry --create-namespace cluster-registry-controller deploy/charts/cluster-registry  --set image.tag=v0.1.9 --set localCluster.name=demo-active --set network.name=network1

Reviewer: Pls use sth like this: https://github.com/cisco-open/cluster-registry-controller/tree/master/deploy/charts/cluster-registry#installing-the-chart

So use publicly available helm charts instead of local helm chart paths.

Reviewer: pls change this

```

> 2. Install istio operator:

Reviewer: I'd suggest to do the cluster registry setup first on both clusters and the cluster cr and secret swap and install istio operator only after.

```

> helm install --namespace=istio-system --create-namespace istio-operator-v113x deploy/charts/istio-operator --set clusterRegistry.clusterAPI.enabled=true --set clusterRegistry.resourceSyncRules.enabled=true --set image.tag=v2.13.2

Reviewer: pls use public helm charts here as well.

Reviewer: we should be able to leave out the image.tag setting

Reviewer: these as well

```
3. Apply ACTIVE ICP CR:
```
kubectl -n=istio-system apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/banzaicloud/istio-operator/9948582d6a0dd35af59739ca286a3e72c8ba810c/docs/multi-cluster-mesh/active-passive/active-icp.yaml
```

#### Passive-1 setup (different network):
- Install cluster registry controller (replace Kubernetes API server endpoint):
```

> helm install --namespace=cluster-registry --create-namespace cluster-registry-controller deploy/charts/cluster-registry  --set image.tag=v0.1.9 --set localCluster.name=demo-passive-1 --set network.name=network2 --set controller.apiServerEndpointAddress=<KUBERNETES_API_SERVER_FOR_ACTIVE>

Reviewer: Mention why `apiServerEndpointAddress` might need to be configured, you can refer to cluster registry doc.

```
Copy/paste secret and cluster resources from active->passive and passive->active as well:
```
kubectl get secret,cluster demo-active -o yaml | pbcopy       pbpaste | kubectl apply -f -
kubectl get secret,cluster demo-passive-1 -o yaml | pbcopy     pbpaste | kubectl apply -f -
```
- Install istio operator:
```
helm install --namespace=istio-system --create-namespace istio-operator-v113x deploy/charts/istio-operator --set image.repository=lac21/istio-operator --set clusterRegistry.clusterAPI.enabled=true --set clusterRegistry.resourceSyncRules.enabled=true --set image.tag=v2.13.2
```
- Apply PASSIVE-1 ICP CR:
```
kubectl -n=istio-system apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/banzaicloud/istio-operator/9948582d6a0dd35af59739ca286a3e72c8ba810c/docs/multi-cluster-mesh/active-passive/passive-icp-1.yaml
```

> #### Passive-2 setup (same network):

Reviewer: I'd leave this out.

```
Copy/paste secret and cluster resources from active->passive and passive->active as well:
```
kubectl get secret,cluster demo-passive-1 -o yaml | pbcopy       pbpaste | kubectl apply -f -
kubectl get secret,cluster demo-passive-2 -o yaml | pbcopy     pbpaste | kubectl apply -f -
```
- Install istio operator:
```
helm install --namespace=istio-system --create-namespace istio-operator-v113x deploy/charts/istio-operator --set image.repository=lac21/istio-operator --set clusterRegistry.clusterAPI.enabled=true --set clusterRegistry.resourceSyncRules.enabled=true --set image.tag=v2.13.2
```
- Apply PASSIVE-2 ICP CR:
```
kubectl -n=istio-system apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/banzaicloud/istio-operator/9948582d6a0dd35af59739ca286a3e72c8ba810c/docs/multi-cluster-mesh/active-passive/passive-icp-2.yaml
```

### Install echo demo app:
#### Active:
```
kubectl label ns default istio.io/rev=icp-v113x.istio-system
```
#### To all clusters:
```
kubectl apply -n=default -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/banzaicloud/istio-operator/release-1.10/docs/federation/flat/echo-service.yml
```
#### Active:
```

> kubectl run -n=default curl-test --image=radial/busyboxplus:curl -i --tty --rm

Reviewer: Write two sentences what the user should see and why.

for i in `seq 1 99 `; do curl -s echo | grep Hostname; done | sort | uniq –c
```

### Install distributed bookinfo:
#### Active:
```
kubectl label ns default istio.io/rev=icp-v113x.istio-system

> kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/banzaicloud/istio-operator/9948582d6a0dd35af59739ca286a3e72c8ba810c/docs/multi-cluster-mesh/active-passive/demoapp-1.yaml 

Reviewer: I wouldn't tie these to commit ids, these can be local paths, user should clone to try out, shouldn't they?
